DOCS-1971: Improve configuration page (#2827)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/fleet/configure-a-fleet.md

{{% alert title="Support Notice" color="note" %}}

> `fragment_mods` are _not_ supported for the modification of [webhook](/build/configure/webhooks) configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fragment_mods` are _not_ supported for the modification of [webhook](/build/configure/webhooks/) configuration.
```

> `fragment_mods` are _not_ supported for the modification of [webhook](/build/configure/#add-a-webhook) configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fragment_mods` are _not_ supported for the modification of [webhook](/build/configure/webhooks) configuration.
```
